hey film freaks i'm your host patrick
and today we're going to take a look at
the 2018 horror movie called apostle the
film begins in the era of the early
1900s where a train streams across the
meadows and green lands in the train a
man reads a letter from his sister
stating that she's been taken on a
wretched island and her captors are
demanding a ransom for her return
meanwhile there's a secretary who
narrates the letter to the man thomas
the letter is originally addressed to
their father but as he has lost himself
it's now up to thomas to save his sister
jennifer the secretary warns thomas
about the people he's about to go
against they are blasphemers a deceased
religious cult after getting off from
the train thomas lines up to take the
boat where's then the island of the cult
he notices that his ticket has a
different mark on it from the regular
tickets he intelligently swaps a ticket
with another passenger and after he
boards the boat safely he looks back to
see the other person's luggage marked
with an x the caravan makes its way
across the high tides of the sea during
the night and they've reached the island
the next day upon reaching the docks
thomas sees that the person with whom he
swamped his ticket with is taken away by
the officials while the rest of them are
let go all the new arrivals travel
across the meadows and reach the town of
erisden in the meantime a young boy
walks up to thomas and asks him if he
needs anything thomas refuses his offer
and in that moment a girl named theon
steps out of a hut and smiles at the boy
who's with thomas thomas is amused at
the scene and he moves on where all the
new citizens are being checked in and
are provided with a glass jar after
checking in thomas arrives at his
designated cabin and sees a book on the
side table is a book by prophet malcolm
the father of varys then in the meantime
church bells start to chime and
everybody makes their way to the church
thomas also leaves his cabin and comes
across a marvelously beautiful lady
after a tiny moment of interaction she
moves on and as thomas is about to make
his way to the church he sees the guards
bringing an unconscious man to a barn
after a brief look he treads towards the
church malcolm's voice echoes in the
church as he dictates to his disciples
he explains how he was called a traitor
and sentenced to his death but he
escaped with his two fellows frank and
quinn and came across this island where
goddess saved them and now he has
developed this place where every man can
live freely without war or taxes as he
preaches on a guard comes in and
whispers in the air of an official with
that the session ends and everybody
leaves the church the scene shifts to
the barn where a brutally injured man is
kept malcolm gets furious upon the rough
treatment his partners inflicted on the
man he's informed that this person they
captured isn't telling them about the
ransom money and says he doesn't know
after a deceptive consolation the
innocent guy gets his throat slit by
malcolm's order afterwards the scene
shifts to a boat at the shore where
theon and the young boy lay on top of
each other they talk about their future
and the boy jeremy explains how he will
construct a home for both of them as
their moments prolonged their talks turn
into physical romance and both of them
are drowned in ecstatic pleasure as the
night extends on everyone in narastan is
ordered to go back to their homes but
thomas looks out to spy he comes upon a
house where a woman is seen sacrificing
her blood and letting it pour into a jar
thomas is taken aback at the site and he
moves on he then comes across malcolm's
house the beautiful woman thomas saw
earlier andrea is sleeping meanwhile
malcolm gets prepared and goes down a
trap door in his floor thomas runs
around the house to get him but he comes
across fiona and jeremy who are going
their separate ways he tells them both
to run off and returns to his cabin upon
reaching the house the goddess appears
behind him at the end of the dark
corridor but upon turning back he sees
nothing thomas's eyes then fall upon his
empty jar outside the door he fills it
with blood from his neighbor's jar and
places both of them at their places in
the meantime his blood droplets fall on
the floorboards and an old woman's face
appears gasping and hungrily drinking
the drops afterwards thomas enters his
room and marks a location on his
hand-drawn map meanwhile in the forest
malcolm climbs out of a hidden trap door
and arrives at the wooden hut a man is
visible at the doorway and malcolm goes
inside and the door closes behind him
the following morning thomas is woken up
by jeremy and they both go to work
amidst the routine jeremy tries to
converse with thomas and they start to
talk jeremy asks for thomas help and
they go to the boat where jeremy made
love to theon they collect the wood and
on their way back thomas asks jeremy
about his sister by showing him a
picture of jennifer one signed at the
picture and jeremy steps back and tries
to run thomas stops him and threatens
him the boy then explains that their
island was running out of animals to
sacrifice for the goddess and as a
monetary gain they captured jennifer who
was on their boat with the perception
that her father is very rich and he'll
be able to pay a ransom for her release
that ransom will aid them in the
continuation of their whole cult after
gathering the info thomas orders jeremy
to be his assistant or otherwise his
sinful relationship with fiann will be
exposed back in the town theon consults
with andrea about her situation and it
comes out that theon is pregnant as they
talk thomas bumps into andrea and after
apologizing makes his way to the church
the scenario shows the new citizens
brought before malcolm and he remarks
that there's a lawbreaker among us he
starts testing every newcomer by asking
him to complete a sentence from his book
just as he's about to reach thomas the
man next to him tries to kill malcolm as
he is sent by the king thomas saves his
life and in the attempt gets injured by
the stab of a dagger the guard impales
the man with spears and kill him while
thomas is taken away for treatment
malcolm shows his full gratitude to
thomas for saving his life and shows his
indentment to him by having a blood pact
miss andrea treats thomas malcolm talks
with quinn that if the ransom isn't paid
the girl's defendant will face the
consequences as the night falls thomas
witnesses her sister being brought out
in the open in a devastated state
malcolm addresses the whole village and
asks their defendant to come out and if
the debt isn't paid both of them will
suffer their wrath with that quinn cuts
off her hair and thomas watches in agony
as his sister gets tormented the
following morning queen catches her
daughter checking herself out in the
washroom he gets suspicious about her
actions but doesn't do anything and
leaves meanwhile jennifer is left
shackled in a stray in the middle of the
town where children tease her and poke
her with sticks as her torture goes on
malcolm plans with queen to raid the
homes of the newcomers to look for the
ransom as the rest of the town will
celebrate as they're talking malcolm's
daughter andrea passes them and goes to
jennifer as an act of kindness she
offers her food and drink and advises
her to stay strong after andrea leaves
jennifer is dragged towards a carriage
to be taken away and while they push her
on thomas watches in helplessness as his
sister gets mistreated the day turns
into night and celebrations are started
thomas makes his way down towards the
festival and gets intercepted by andrea
she lets thomas place his hands on her
hips as she invites him to dance thomas
tries to escape her charm but she looks
into his eyes and guesses that they've
been through a lot in the interim thomas
watches jeremy at the distance and goes
after him he follows him as they reach
an entrance to a tunnel meanwhile quinn
and malcolm turn thomas room upside down
and finds nothing just as they are about
to leave malcolm finds the map and they
order frank to go have a look back at
the hut thomas makes his way down the
tunnel and jeremy closes it as he's
getting out frank arrives upon finding
his son he makes him run away and tells
malcolm that the intruder is down there
he orders frank to go after him and
quinn to stand guard and afterwards he
leaves on his house to go to the other
side of the tunnel as frank makes his
way down the trap door andrea catches
them in suspicion malcolm arrives at the
hut and stands atop the trap door with
his gun pointed down in the tunnels
thomas also arrives at the end as he
starts to climb he gets the hint that on
the other side someone is waiting for
him he retreats and suddenly witnesses
movement behind him as well in order to
save himself he jumps into a sludge down
below filled with animal remains and
dirty blood meanwhile malcolm shoots at
the trap door only to see frank down
below who shouts at him to hold his fire
back in the tunnel thomas makes his way
into the filthy sludge when he witnesses
the old goddess in her dirtiest form she
attacks him and thomas breaks out with
extreme effort afterwards he cleans
himself and comes to see illustrations
of a goddess drawn on the stones of the
cave it is then revealed that the
goddess is actually held captive by
malcolm and he blackmails her into
giving healthier crops their land
otherwise she'll starve to death in the
background a hideous man drags a body in
a sack and suspends it in the air by a
hook the woman in the sack whimpers and
kicks around in helplessness it's
morning andrea arrives in the cave and
offers thomas some fresh clothes as he
changes andrea observes the severe scars
on his back thomas explains the
brutality that was inflicted on him in
the name of religion and no god saved
him from that he then explains the
atrocities her father is inflicting and
that her sister is no traitor later they
visit the crops and andrea shows him how
the crops are now poisoned for some
reason back at the village theon meets
with jeremy and tells him about the
pregnancy jeremy assures her that they
will be together forever but also
mentions that his father is leaving and
taking him to the midlands as he steps
out quinn watches him leave he comes to
the hut and asks fiona about what she
has done theon argues and quarrels with
him but her father doesn't listen to a
word and hits her and drags her around
calling her baby an abomination in the
meantime frank is getting prepared to
leave malcolm arrives at the docks and
persuades him to stay and sort
everything out as they discuss this at
one end the other side shows the story
of utter ruthlessness and cruelty quinn
brutally murders her own daughter and
rips out the child from her womb in that
instance jeremy walks in the hut and
sees theon's dead body he then attacks
quinn with his razor and inflicts many
wounds on him but quinn fights him and
crawls out of the cabin and shouts
around blaming jeremy openly for his
daughter's death jeremy tries to defend
himself but no one listens and the
guards chase him on quinn's orders
meanwhile he himself gets up and starts
preaching them against malcolm and the
whole system in the crop fields the
guard chases jeremy he runs to andrea
and thomas who tried to save him but the
guards take him away saying that he
needs to be purified in the town quinn
has taken over as the holy father he has
gathered people for an insane
purification ritual where he ties jeremy
to a wooden board and starts shaving his
head at the ritual the guards also hold
thomas captive while andrea cries for
jeremy quinn places an iron spike at the
tip of jeremy's head and with extreme
savagery drills his skull into a
mutilated mess jeremy's body thrashes on
a deathbed as quinn states that he's
purified at that moment frank arrives
with malcolm and loses himself upon the
sight of his dead son malcolm argues
with quinn about this brutality but he
simply overthrows his opinions as
they're talking frank comes out with a
gun and everybody scatters thomas takes
a diversion as a chance to escape and he
avails it he dashes through the forest
and comes upon the hut where frank comes
out battered and injured and drops in
the mud while the hideous man stands at
the door thomas slowly creeps into the
hut from a side spot as quinn and
malcolm arrive they witness the dead
body of frank and as tom's watches from
the hut quinn shoots malcolm in the
shoulder and he falls down the trapdoor
into the tunnels in the interim thomas
moves around the hut covered in vines he
sees the blooded man named the grinder
making the old goddess drink blood
thomas consciously makes it around the
main area and finds her sister hooked up
in the sack he pulls her down and just
as he frees her the grinder hits him
with a club as he fades out he sees
jennifer being taken away by quinn
thomas wakes up to find himself attached
to a rotating metal grinder with cables
he tries to escape but gets his fingers
crushed by the rollers he screams and
gets up to engage in a vicious fight
with a gruesome creature after a ton of
effort he manages to kill it and limps
to the goddess who awaits him she then
shows him the past where malcolm and
quinn arrived on the island and they
imprisoned her they find out that upon
feeding her blood all the plantations
around her start to grow flawlessly
after the vision thomas wakes up and the
goddess asks him to free her he puts her
on fire and eventually the whole hut
starts burning malcolm comes out and
watches in horror as everything burns
before his eyes thomas also rushes
through the forest and comes upon a
place where human corpses are impaled by
huge tree branches in the meantime quinn
holds jennifer and andrea captive in the
church and chains them to the walls he
explains how he did all the work but
malcolm became the prophet he then
proposes to impregnate both the ladies
and feed the babies to the goddess
andrea and jennifer despise him for
being such a maniac outside the whole
village catches fire and the people
prepare to escape the boats at that
moment thomas arrives and requests a
lady to wait for andrea and jennifer he
then enters the church and attacks quinn
with a dagger he stabs him in the chest
and pushes him to the wall but cannot
kill him quinn proves to be a tough hard
person as it takes the three of them to
finally send them to hell during the
fight thomas gets injured and requests
the ladies to carry on to safety
jennifer cries beside her dying brother
but thomas empowers her and she leaves
him after an emotional embrace thomas
takes one last look at andrea and asks
her to pray for him both the ladies run
off to the dock where they get saved and
successfully make it off the island
whereas back on the meadows malcolm
staggers to thomas who's lying in the
grass they both watch in awe as a
planter sprouts from the ground as
thomas's blood drops fall on it malcolm
smiles at him as thomas gets engulfed by
the grass around him the movie comes to
an end as the vines creep into his skin
and he becomes the apostle of the island
drop a comment below letting me know how
you found the video make sure to like
subscribe and ring the notification bell
thanks for watching guys